In west Philidelphia, born and raised / on the playground is where I spent most of my days
God is dead. God remains dead. And we have killed him.
Growth for the sake of growth is the ideology of the cancer cell.
Who's on first, What's on second, I Don't Know is on third.
We call [television] a medium because nothing's well done.
Great Britain has lost an empire and has not yet found a role.
A memorandum is written not to inform the reader but to protect the writer.
Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts aboslutely.
It would be superfluous in me to point out to your lordship that this is war.
It has the words 'DON'T PANIC' inscribed in large, friendly letters on the cover.
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.
It can hardly be a coincidence that no language on Earth has ever produced the expression 'as pretty as an airport.'
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.
I wonder who's kissing her now, / Wonder who's teaching her how.
I find that a great part of the information I have was aquired by looking up something and finding something else on the way.
All experience is an arch, to build upon.
Chaos often breeds life, when order breeds habit.
Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.
With friends like that, who needs enemies?
A government of laws, and not of men.
I agree with you, that in Politicks the Middle Way is none at all.
This is the last of earth. I am content.
Nearer, My God, to Thee.
What pity is it / That we can die but once to serve our country!
'Whom are you?' he asked, for he had attended business college.
Anyone can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
History is the sum total of all the things that could have been avoided.
Every neurotic is partly in the right.
Friends don't let friends drive drunk.
Just say no.
Stronger than dirt.
In space no one can hear you scream.
I can't believe I ate the whole thing.
Mama Mia, that's a spicy meatball.
Plop, plop, fizz, fizz. Oh what a relief it is.
You're in good hands with Allstate.
Got milk?
Do you know me?
Don't leave home without it.
Garbo Talks!
Think different.
There's something about an Aqua Velva man.
Promise her anything, but give her Arpege!
I'll flip an extra shrimp on the barbie for you.
We're Number Two. We try harder.
Reach out and touch someone.
Let your fingers do the walking.
Brylcreem - A little dab'll do ya.
This Bud's for you.
Wassup?
Have it your way.
Nothing comes between me and my Calvins.
I'd walk a mile for a Camel.
M'm, M'm good.
See the USA in a Chevrolet.
It's not nice to fool Mother Nature!
Is it true blondes have more fun?
Does she... or doesn't she? ...Only her hairdresser knows for sure.
If I've only one life, let me live it as a blonde.
The antidote for civilization.
It's the real thing.
The pause that refreshes.
Things go better with Coke.
I guess you could say I'm that /Cosmopolitan/ girl!
Look Ma! No cavities!
A diamond is forever.
But wait, there's more!
Every picture tells a story.
Better Things for Better Living... Through Chemistry.
When E. F. Hutton talks, people listen.
It keeps going, and going, and going...
All my men wear English Leather, or they wear nothing at all.
Put a tiger in your tank!
When it absolutely, positively has to be there overnight.
Who's that behind those Foster Grants?
Foster's - Australian for beer.
Fair and balanced.
Progress is our most important product.
We bring good things to life.
Babies are our business, our only business.
As long as you're up, get me a Grant's.
From the Vally of the Jolly... Ho! Ho! Ho! ...Green Giant.
Leave the driving to us!
When you care enough to send the very best!
The man in the Hathaway shirt.
57 Varieties.
28 Flavors.
Intel inside.
Look for theunion label.
99-44/100% Pure: It floats.
Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water.
This time... It's personal.
They're GR-R-REAT!
Snap! Crackle! and Pop!
It's finger lickin' good.
Never underestimate the power of a woman.
Betcha can't eat just one.
You dont have to be Jewish to love Levy's Rye Bread.
I've fallen, and I can't get up.
Even your closest friends won't tell you.
Because I'm worth it.
LS/MFT - Lucky Strike Means Fine Tobacco.
The milk chocolate melts in your mouth, not in your hand.
Come to Marlboro country.
There are some things money can't buy. For everything else there's MasterCard.
Good to the last drop!
Zoom zoom.
You deserve a break today.
Is it live, or is it Memorex?
Merrill Lynch is bullish on America.
Where do you want to go today?
It's Miller time.
Tastes great, less filling.
We'll leave a light on for you.
Keep America Beautiful.
I'm [stewardess name]... Fly me.
Enquiring minds want to know.
Must-see TV.
I love New York.
Just do it.
Take it off, take it all off.
It doesn't get any better than this.
Oh I wish I were an Oscar Mayer weiner.
Ask the man who owns one.
Keep the schoolgirl complexion.
This is your brain. This is your brain on drugs. Any questions?
At Paul Masson, we will sell no wine before its time.
Come Alive! You're in the Pepsi Generation.
Pepsi-Cola hits the spot.
It takes a tough man to make a tender chicken.
The Greatest Show on Earth.
It's ten p.m. Do you know where your children are?
I liked it so much, I bought the company.
How do you spell relief? R-O-L-A-I-D-S.
At 60 miles per hour the loudest noise in this new Rolls-Royce comes from the electric clock.
The beer that made Milwaukee famous.
The Uncola.
We make money the old-fashioned way. We earn it.
Say it with flowers.
You are now free to move about the country.
Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.
We'd rather fight than switch!
You can trust your car to the man who wears the star.
It takes a licking and keeps on ticking.
Four out of five dentists recommend sugarless gum for their patients who chew gum.
Silly rabbit, Trix are for kids.
Fly the friendly skies of United.
Be all that you can be.
Only you can prevent forest fires.
They Laughed When I Sat Down at the Piano.
Can you hear me now? Good.
I'm not a doctor, but I play one on TV.
His Master's Voice.
You've come a long way baby.
It's everywhere you want to be.
Drivers wanted.
Where's the beef?
It's the only way to fly.
The Breakfast of Champions.
Winston tastes like agood cigarette should.
Ring around the collar.
Biulds Strong Bodies 12 Ways.
Your King and Country need you.
Loose lips sink ships.
Double your pleasure, double your fun with... Doublemint, Doublemint, Doublemint gum.
Then one day there really was a wolf, but when the boy shouted they didn't believe him.
Oh, you aren't even ripe yet! I don't need any sour grapes.
If you've seen one city slum you've seen them all.
I swear... if you existed I'd divorce you.
Wine, dear boy, and truth.
The voice of the people is the voice of God.
Magnificent desolation.
If I were not Alexander, I would be Diogenes.
Better to abolish serfdom from above than to wait till it begins to abolish itself from below.
I am the greatest.
Not only do I knock 'em out, I pick the round.
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.
I ain't got no quarrel with the Viet Cong.
It's hard to be humble when you are as great as I am.
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.
That's a joke, son!
California is a fine place to live - if you happen to be an orange.
Imitation is the sincerest form of television.
Won't say I hate you - but my admiration for you is under control.
Some guy hit my fender the other day, and I said unto him, 'Be fruitful, and multiply.'
A fast word about oral contraception. I asked a girl to go to bed with me and she said 'no.'
Not only is there no God, but try getting a plumber on weekends.
If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank.
Two hundred and four if you count my marriage.
My brain? It's my second favorite organ.
It's not that I'm afraid to die. I just don't want to be there when it happens.
On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Hey, don't knock masturbation. It's sex with someone I love.
It immediately doubles your chances for a date on a Saturday night.
Showing up is 80 percent of life.
I recently turned 60 years old. Practically a third of my life is over.
'But the emporer has nothing at all on!' a little child declared.
The wonderful thing about this city is when you get tired you can always lean against it.
Phenomenal woman, / That's me.
Ford to City: Drop Dead
Next year in Jerusalem!
Remember Pearl Harbor.
The sky is falling! The sky is falling!
Speak Truth to Power
We sure liberated the hell out of this place.
Men, their rights and nothing more; women, their rights and nothing less.
Open Sesame!
Give me but one firm spot on which to stand, and I will move the earth.
We must as a second best, as people say, take the least of the evils.
A whole is that which has beginning, middle, and end.
All music is folk music. I ain't never heard no horse sing a song.
Houston. Tranquility Base here. The Eagle has landed.
That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.
One, a robot may not injure a human being under any conditions-and, as a corollary, must not permit a human being to be injured because of inaction.
Two, a robot must follow all orders given by qualified human beings as long as they do not conflict with Rule 1.
Three: a robot must protect its own existence as long as that does not conflict with Rules 1 and 2.
A robot may not injure humanity or, through inaction, allow humanity to come to harm.
An annuity is very serious business.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
You have delighted us long enough.
For also knowledge itself is power.
Cure the disease and kill the patient.
Och, Johnny, I hardly knew ye!
We're waiting for Godot.
Mr. Watson-come here-I want to see you.
Capitalism, it is said, is a system wherein man exploits man. And communism-is vice versa.
If you come to a fork in the road, take it.
Where is that coming from?
We're lost, but we're making good time.
You've got to be careful if you don't know where you're going 'cause you might not get there!
You can observe a lot by watchin'.
I want to thank everyone who made this day necessary.
It gets late early out there.
It ain't over 'til it's over.
It's deja vu all over again.
In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth... And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.
Your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil.
Am I my brother's keeper?
I AM THAT I AM.
I am the Lord thy God... Thou shalt have no other gods before me.
Let us put Germany in the saddle, so to speak-it already knows how to ride.
It is difficult to predict, especially the future.
I can't say as ever I was lost, but I was bewildered for three days.
Sic semper tyrannis!
To die for a religion is easier than to live it absolutely.
Ground control to Major Tom.
It's the terror of knowing / What this world is about
It was a pleasure to burn
But for the grace of God there goes John Bradford.
Abortions will not let you forget. / You remember the children you got that you did not get.
That's exactly why we want to produce this play. To show the world the true Hitler, the Hitler you loved, the Hitler you knew, the Hitler with a song in his heart.
Springtime for Hitler and Germany / Deutschland is happy and gay.
Bad taste is simply saying the truth before it should be said.
Rarely is the question asked: Is our children learning?
We will make no distinction between the terrorists who committed these acts and those who harbor them.
A hen is only an egg's way of making another egg.
I came, I saw, I conquered.
This is virgin territory out here for whorehouses.
We believe that the first time we're born, as children, it's human life given to us; and when we accept Jesus as our Savior, it's a new life.
I thought a lot about our Nation and what I should do as President.
History will absolve me.
I say the United States is nintey miles from Cuba and for us, that is worse.
I see all the birds are flown.
Brevity is the sister of talent.
One must not put a loaded rifle on the stage if no one is thinking of firing it.
The insurgency is in its last throes.
Mom, I am a rich man.
With method and logic one can accomplish anything.
Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
Their sweat, their tears, their blood bedewed the endless pain.
[Description of himself:] The comeback kid.
The era of big government is over.
I did not have sexual relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky.
It depends on what the meaning of the word 'is' is.
Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
The only difference between myself and a madman is that I am not mad.
We will now discuss in a little more detail the Struggle for Existance.
All my life, I have had a certain idea of France.
One does not arrest Voltaire.
I think, therefore I am.
Reality is that which when you stop believing in it, it doesn't go away.
Please, sir, I want some more.
He had but one eye, and the popular prejudice runs in favor of two.
I remember a reporter asking for a quote, and I didn't know what a quote was. I thought it was some kind of a soft drink.
I am looking for an honest man.
Girls bored me-they still do. I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I've ever known.
Arkansas? Sell it.
Mollify it with thy tears, or sweat, or blood.
'Wonderful!' I ejaculated.
'Commonplace,' said Holmes.
Elementary, my dear Watson.
The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind. / The answer is blowin' in the wind.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusaism.
The State is not 'abolished,' /it withers away/.
Quod erat demonstrandum.
Every man is like the company he is wont to keep.
No matter where you go, there you are.
Follow the money.
Toga! Toga!
Shall we shag now, or shall we shag later?
Roads? Where we're going we don't need-roads.
Party on, dudes.
Be excellent to each other.
I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhauser gate.
All these moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain.
We're on a mission from God.
You aren't too bright. I like that in a man.
You just keep thinking, Butch. That's what you're good at.
If he'd just pay me what he's paying them to stop me robbing him, I'd stop robbing him.
I'm shocked, /shocked/ to find that gambling is going on in here!
We'll always have Paris.
She's my sister and my daughter.
I never drink... wine.
Mr. President, I'm not saying we wouldn't get our hair mussed. But I do say no more than ten to twenty million people killed, tops, depending on the breaks.
Gentlemen, you can't fight in here. This is the War Room!
Fein Fuhrer! I can walk!
E.T. phone home.
Life is like a box of chocolates, Forrest. You never know what you're going to get.
He slimed me.
This is the tragedy of a man who could not make up his mind.
You're gonna need a bigger boat.
Yeah, but John, if the Pirates of the Caribbean breaks down, the pirates don't eat the tourists.
You take the red pill, you stay in Wonderland, and I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes.
Always let your conscience be your guide.
A lie keeps growing and growing, until it's as plain as the nose on your face.
Get your stinking paws off me, you damn dirty ape!
You finally really did it. You maniacs! You blew it up! God damn you! God damn you all to hell!
I'm gonna get medieval on your ass.
Say hello to my little friend!
The farmers have won. We have lost.
I do wish we could chat longer but I'm having an old friend for dinner.
Soylent Green is people!
In any case, were I to invoke logic, logic clearly dictates that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
I'll be back.
Watch the skies, everywhere! Keep looking. Keep watching the skies.
I'm the king of the world!
Open the pod bay doors, HAL.
I'm afraid, Dave. Dave, my mind is going. I can feel it.
Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Kansas any more.
I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too.
Lions, and tigers, and bears! Oh, my!
Who ever thought a little girl like you could destroy my beautiful wickedness?
I'm melting! I'm melting! Oh, what a world! What a world!
Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain!
That's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool.
They have a saying in Chicago: 'Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. The third time is enemy action.'
George, you can type this shit, but you sure as hell can't say it.
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
Where id was, ego shall be.
My little horse must think it queer / to stop without a farmhouse near.
And yet it does move.
Non-violence is the first article of my faith. It is also the last article of my creed.
God reigns, and the Government of Washington still lives.
640K ought to be enough for anybody.
Happiness lies in conquering one's enemies, in driving them in front of oneself, in taking their property, in savoring their despair, in outraging their wives and daughters.
It is a glorious thing / To be a Pirate King.
No terms except an unconditional and immediate surrender can be accepted.
A national debt if it is not excessive will be to us a national blessing.
The road up and the road down are one and the same.
As to diseases make a habit of two things-to help, or at least, to do no harm.
Actors are cattle.
